update content creator guide (#100)
Joystream/helpdesk: roles/content-curators/README.md

|:------------------:|:---------------------:|:-----------------------------:|:----------------------------------------------:|:------------------------:|
|`<ID>`/<title>      |`<ID>/<handle>`        |`<ID>`/<title>                 |Video deleted by owner                          |`#<number>/<postId>`      |
|`<ID>`/<title>      |`<ID>/<handle>`        |`<ID>`/<title>                 |Set as not public by owner                      |`#<number>/<postId>`      |
|`<ID>`/<title>      |`<ID>/<handle>`        |`<ID>`/<title>                 |Censored - requires attribution                 |`#<number>/<postId>`      |

##### Notes
Some notes from the curator.

---

This will be quite a lot of work, but all the data needed can be found using a script that checks all blocks from `n` to `m`, and looks at all events with `event.section == content`, and returns these blocks (or the full data). A basic version of this will be made available in the [community repo](https://github.com/Joystream/community-repo).

### Tools
For every job, good tools are needed.

#### Joystream Player

> Going through each video and channel one by one can be quite ardous, but to verify that the assets work, and look ok it is needed for [Regular Checks](#regular-checks). The url of each video and channel will match their respective IDs, which will help.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Going through each video and channel one by one can be quite arduous, but to verify that the assets work, and are displayed properly, [Regular Checks](#regular-checks) are required. The URL of each video and channel will match their respective IDs, which should help with the processing.
```
